Added parentheses to the fetch incidents filter (#18014)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureActiveDirectory/ReleaseNotes/1_2_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Azure Active Directory Identity Protection (Beta)
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/crypto:1.0.0.27243*.

> - Fixed an issue with ***fetch-incidents*** which caused incident duplicates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue with the ***fetch-incidents*** command which would cause duplicate incidents.
```
